Miss, they're catching up
It's so annoying to let you marry the Xiao family
You can't catch Xiao Lin all day long
Sit down
And this word.
Be careful ahead
Won't die
Miss, what should I do now, Miss Fan?
We are also following orders
Please come back with us to meet the master
I don't have time to talk to you right now, so save people first
Sorry, Miss Tang.
Our mission has nothing to do with this
What the hell is your dog's name?
You got your goddamn driver's license from a dog
Can you drive?
Miss, what's the matter?
He was knocked flying more than ten meters away
Why is it still like there is nothing wrong?
Let me ask you something.
Did you hit me?
I'm in a bad mood right now
Give me an explanation
I work at home
Calcium supplement for idle and miscellaneous human head
Are you crazy?
Or die
This is the top expert of my Tang family
Just follow you for a second?
Sir, we are willing to compensate
Don't move our lady
Sir, it was an accident just now.
Well, I'll lose money.
As much as you want.
Do I look like someone who is short of money?
Don't tell me that you are the eldest lady of the Tang family.
Even if your father is Wan Guohao
So be it.
How about I, Tang Miaoying, promise to marry you?
Get out of here, there's a wife
Hurry up and give me an explanation.
Don't you want to hand it over?
I promised myself
Not yet, miss. Do you know what you're talking about?
You are sick, do you know who my lady is?
Miss Tang
President of Galaxy Group, how dare you speak like this?
She is sick
My family arranged a marriage for me
I don't like this.
You and I fake marriage
5 million you are sick
Don't say 5 million
You give me 50 million
I would never betray my wife
It's all you
the disease will never be cured
That's tricky
How do you do our lady
It doesn't matter.
Marriage can also be divorced
5 million not enough
I'll give you 10 million
What do you want?
I'm not interested in talking nonsense with you
My wife is still waiting for me at home
Didn't you ask me to explain it to you?
I told you I was sick
Then I think I'm sick
I'm afraid, you give it.
This medicine can cure your disease
I'm not interested in your deal. Bye
What about people?
Miss, did he just teleport?
What was his name just now?
Ah Ye Longyuan
Check it out immediately
I want all his information
Miss, do you really want to marry him?
Otherwise, marry Xiao Lingtian
Go back and talk to my wife
This is for my husband
Miss, you are sick
Who is sick?
He's sick
Miss Ben is in good health
I'm actually dead and I won't eat his ok
Ah!
What's the matter, Miss?